New Jersey seriously I thought I told
you to get out of here old man nice echo
the gorillas have personalities of their
own and they just agree with everything
you say has been washed up all cops you
go on TV and have some jokes about how
you got your wife killed there's some
shit yeah there's a little old lady for
how you got involved with killers I own
this town amigo
that's a good line
to practice that in front of the mirror
and your underwear your father owns this
town they had their old dad well-known
drug dealer and murderer you're nothing
but a chump disrespect my family you
ain't got them right this ain't taking
nothing from a God hasn't already tried
but I might start anytime now see you
saturday sighs been caught motherfuckers
say you are sorry don't you stare at me
say you saw this in the hand which you
are first they're clever you fucking
leather jacket dipshit cop card don't
put the gun down
No thank you thank you fuck out here
before you get shot fuck go on stay
right here stay right here you don't
know who you're fucking with
yeah
max fucking bane how you doing man as I
look you remember me I sauce how fast
horse
come on me what did the Academy together
man you remember that's going back a
long way French I spent five years on
the beat in the Bronx working homicide I
nearly got killed man I gave up I got
into private work we're here Central
America Brazil my family comes from all
over that's great
travel see the world yeah gives me busy
and take care of people you know proper
body guarding I am working for a good
firm I'm actually here on a bit of a
recruitment drive well what you drive on
off back into the sunset that'd be so
nice catch it up at least let me buy you
a drink
a drink all right two more I had to
admit I kind of liked the guy you had a
great set of stories but I still wasn't
interested in becoming a white knight
again I don't look like I go to
Shakespeare or something
say to me yeah fuck off
I don't like spics you tell me to fuck
off well good for you
now fuck off don't stare at me whoo ah
fuck you asshole no dick asshole what'd
you say you heard me I'm not frightened
of you you spray tan guido dude girl
sure I had balls I had to give her that
why I did it
guess I never liked seeing girls get
head but from that moment I was dead in
that town